I'm about to try to teach my mom what
chat GPT is let's see how this goes
recording in progress Okay so have you
heard of chat GPT of course okay if
you're on Tick Tock I think I think if
you're well maybe it just depends on
what Tick Tock you're on because I just
asked my girlfriends out of curiosity
they're all entrepreneurs they all have
online businesses they all could
definitely use this and I asked them how
many of them had just even heard the
word or the phrase and um only one out
of nine had yeah and I I admittedly
don't know a lot about it yeah I asked
my followers uh over the weekend and I
think 11 had heard of it and the other
89 hadn't even heard of it
um which is interesting where did you
hear about it on Tick Tock yeah okay I
didn't hear a thing about it on Tick
Tock but it was it's been it was or
maybe it still is trending on Twitter
and has been for like a week when I saw
the content on
um Tick Tock it was they were talking
about different ways to use it to and
I'm sure it came up on my feed to create
a podcast
and I I didn't really understand what it
was and I dismissed it until you said
hey Mom have you heard about this and
probably you and I talking about it like
our phones are listening to us and now
I've gotten a couple more videos on it
yeah okay so I was same thing I saw it
all over Twitter and I was like this is
crazy it's futuristic it's trending
whatever but it's gonna die out so I'm
gonna just dismiss it
um but then I listen to like five
podcasts on it and then when I realized
that like the New York Times podcast and
some other like major major podcasts
entrepreneur Tech yes I was like okay
like I'm gonna I'm gonna learn a little
bit more
um so like the definition on Wikipedia
is chat GPT stands for generative
pre-trained Transformer and the way I
think about that is the first word
generative basically just means it can
generate its own responses and come up
with this with its own answers
pre-trained because it can it has been
pre-trained right like there are
ultimately humans who had to pre-train
it but I think if most people's
experience with AI is like Siri you know
or like talking to like
um Alexa from Amazon that's most
people's experience with this kind of
chat model
when you start to actually use chat GPT
it will blow your flip in mind it's
insane so
um what I how I would describe it and
you know more than I do but I would
describe it as an open source
site I don't know if you call it a site
and open source simply means that anyone
can have access to improve it to make it
better kind of I think audacity is open
site like so it just means that people
who know how to code people who know how
to create artificial intelligence
programs Bots Etc they all have access
to it when that happens and and no one's
getting paid and everybody's
collaborating it can like get really
good or really bad really fast and from
what I understand about my understanding
of it is like it is like an open source
website that has finally said you know
all this information everywhere on the
internet what if we had a bot or
whatever intelligence that could like
almost like a per like the smartest
person on the planet and the quickest
thinking person on the planet you could
say hey search the whole internet make
sense of this and then write me a
summary of every podcast that's ever
been produced on fill in the blank
um so that's kind of my understanding of
it yeah I think that's that's a very
good Baseline understanding can we
access it by going to a website or an
app um it's a website I think they have
an app I've only used their website I
just basically go to Google and I type
in chat GPT and it's free so you put in
your name and your email and it's
totally free and that's part of it right
now is like you said it's open source so
they're trying to get as many people as
they can to use it because obviously the
more people use it the more they learn
and the more they can rapidly improve it
so just like literally I used it two
days ago and I had a conversation with
it and then I accidentally closed my
window and I was like shoot I wanted to
like go back and I missed some of the
things in that conversation I wish I had
saved it and I asked chat GPT like hey
can you pull up our conversations from
the past and it said sorry we can't do
that but today when I logged in it said
hey we announced a new feature yesterday
it's now you can go back and view your
chat history so that just shows you like
how fast it's improving right now so the
piece that my first question was before
I started looking is who's behind us
like who owns this well first of all we
should mention this just released the
beginning of December is that your
understanding yeah I believe it was
beginning of December or end of um
November but here's the crazy thing it
took Instagram 75 days to get to 1
million users it took chat GPT five days
five days to get to a million users yeah
because it has
some scary potential
like should I don't know so here's what
I did I went to Google like you did and
I think because technology or whatever
marketers I typed in um chat is it GPT
right
first I typed in chat GPS
and I got a ton of websites that are
already trying to pretend that they are
chat GPT and that's the other thing is I
found a ton of sites where I'm like
which one is it and then I I don't know
if this is accurate what's today's date
December 20th as of December 20th I was
getting tick tocks today that were
saying that because of the overwhelming
quick popularity of it that new people
don't even have access to it so I'm
wondering if that's why I can't find it
I've heard that
um every time I've tried to go on it
it's worked a few times it has crashed
like a few times I've like asked it a
question and it's got halfway through
answering and then it just kind of froze
but if I close the window or I like
reload it it'll usually load back up I
listen to a few podcasts this weekend
who were like yeah it's been overloaded
I can't get on but it's weird every time
I've personally tried to go on it's it's
worked right away even today right
before we started chatting I pulled it
up and it it's loaded and sitting on my
desktop right now we'll put a link to
the actual site down below but I just
had this Flash forward moment where
we're going to come back and listen to
ourselves talking about this and go
we're such dorks like this feeling that
this is going to be one of those rev I
don't know those revolutionary things
where it's like
um okay there's this new thing it's
called Google or like you know when they
show of um uh news anchors talking about
like so we have some exciting news about
something they're calling the World Wide
Web ladies and gentlemen you know and I
feel like this is going to be one of
those clips
yeah so it's crazy what you can use it
for
um and and we can talk all about you
know like the the potential problems
with it potential use cases but I'll
just give you some examples of of how I
used it and I think the simplest way to
think about it is just like a text
message conversation so it's it's a chat
bot you can type in a text-based
question or or prompt for it to answer
um and it will do its best to search
through the entire internet I think
everything up until 2022 I think they
have it loaded through 2021 so it
doesn't have the most current
information which was interesting
because when I asked it some questions
about Instagram it brought up like igtv
which hasn't been around in about a year
um but anyways you can ask it pretty
much anything and it'll search through
the entire internet and give you a
result that's generated by itself so
it's not a pre-programmed result by the
programmers they haven't like written
their responses the AI the artificial
Intel intelligence is generating these
responses itself
so can I give you an example of like
some of the things I've asked it yeah
okay so this this one blew my mind and
this relates to the podcast I said
um can you give me a few trending
podcast episode ideas
for a social media marketing podcast and
it gave me 10 bullet pointed out ideas
and I'll read you some of them
the power of influencer marketing
explore how influencer marketing can
help business owners reach new audiences
and drive sales through social media
that was one of the titles gave me
here's another social media trends for
2023 predictions for the biggest Trends
in social media marketing over the next
year and how businesses can take
advantage of them so for those those two
titles are are two shows that we've just
recently produced yes yes so it's crazy
yeah it's coming up with these
um measuring the ROI of social media
marketing a discussion of how businesses
can track and measure the return on
investment of their social media
marketing efforts like just coming up
with these on its own
um one interesting thing that I've
noticed is it can't quite search through
content yet so I can't ask it to so I
can't ask it to like listen to every
podcast related to social media
marketing and give me the biggest
takeaways related to Instagram I can't
quite do that but what I can do and what
I have done is take transcriptions of
podcasts and put those into chat GPT
Yeah Yeah so basically it can't go
listen itself but you can give it the
transcription interesting okay so that's
very interesting from what I understand
from again my limited knowledge is that
it is so Advanced that it literally
hears and you know can make sense of
tone emotion Tempo like all of these
things not just in written content but
in spoken content obviously
um in in news articles so when I when I
started thinking about like oh my God
first of all a negative is this could
replace a lot of people's jobs right
when I think about right for a living
people who research for a living like to
for me someone with ADHD who loves to
get on a tangent and just research the
hell out of something that can be so
time consuming and I only know what I
know so I I think that this could really
it could impact people's work people who
do that as consultants or before their
job yeah totally and I think it will I
don't think it'll be an immediate like
loss of millions of jobs but over the
course of the next five ten years into
the future
um there's gonna be a lot of jobs
replaced by this myself personally what
I did and this is a real example I took
the transcription from one of my YouTube
videos okay I just cop YouTube provides
transcriptions of everything that you
post on YouTube so I just literally
copied everything that I said I pasted
it into chat GPT and above the
transcription I typed write me
a 15 bullet point uh summary of the
following text in complete sentences
and it gave me 15 bullet points
incomplete text of summarizing what I
just said in that YouTube video and they
were smart summaries too it wasn't just
like you know like it didn't pull out my
intro and make my intro an important
part of the summary like it hit on the
15 important bullet points
um and then I said turn this 15 bullet
point summary into a marketing email
written in a casual tone and it wrote me
a three paragraph marketing email
written in a casual tone that summarized
the 15 bullet points from the YouTube
video and I literally copied and pasted
that into my email marketing campaign so
it was that good like even you know when
you hire a real person a lot of times
you ask them to do this assignment
you're going to have to review what it
is they've written to make sure like is
this consistent what was your
interpretation of what they generated
for you it wasn't perfectly in my tone
granted I didn't ask it or or give it
like my examples of writing in the past
but it was exactly what I asked for it
was casual conversational it hit all the
bullet points and exactly like you said
like like there were a few things I had
to tweak and a few minor things that I
wanted to like make more in my lingo but
it was spot on even to the point where I
added a phrase I said and end with a
call to action directing people to watch
the full YouTube video and it added in
that and it said click down here to
watch the full video and it like added
the call to action to the bottom of the
email it freaking blew my mind dude yeah
okay so I watched um an example of
someone who said watch I can say
um give me recipes I can make with the
ingredient Jackfruit and I gave him all
these recipes and then he selected one
and said
um show me this recipe in a um grid form
so that it showed him the recipe like
breaking down like in this great said
the quantity the amount what you do with
it and then he said just very and it was
in real time it wasn't like it took a
long time for the AI to populate the
response and then in real time he said
turn this recipe into a shopping list
and then it turned it into like a
shopping list with the exact quantities
of each item to buy
to me that is mind-blowing that's
something that normally would take a you
know an hour at least for someone to do
yeah yeah totally and we think of like
what a current search engine can do
because that's another similarity so
Google you search something on Google
you're going to get a bunch of different
links and then it's up to you to like
search through each of those and create
the file and create the full like and
create the formats all of those things
like this is a it feels like a person is
doing this for you in like the speed of
light yeah yeah it's so fast that's the
other thing is it's so fast
um it's kind of like you know when you
search something on Google and Google
like gives you a result that's above
everything else that's like a little bit
of text and it's basically Google saying
like this is the right answer but really
they're just pulling it out of some
article it's like that but it's doing
that rather than just from one article
it's summarizing all the information
from every article that's been fed over
the millions and millions of data points
it's been given over the past few years
I mean I just right now I'm thinking
about all the research and time that
went into creating our episode we did on
um predictions for 2023 in social media
and I wonder I'm gonna go now and and
see like what does because AI
we assume is smarter than us right
because it's taking in everybody's
opinions but can it
Does it include those nuances that
aren't showing up on the Internet
especially when it comes to Trends and
predictions like you said it's only
including information up to 2022.
um and not all the way through 2022 so
does it take into account the fact that
things are trending in a certain way
that hasn't even showed up in its
database yet and I would assume not yet
yeah that's my assumption and from my
best understanding when you ask it to
predict things in the future it kind of
struggles especially because it's you
know the the data isn't up to uh the
current you know day and time but I
asked it just now while you were talking
I typed in what do you think will be
trending on Instagram in 2023 and it's
still typing right now it's already
written out five bullet points so it
said
um basically it started by saying like
it's difficult to predict the future
however here's what may emerge in 2023.
number one personal branding and
influencer marketing as more people turn
to social media to promote it expands on
it yeah and share their experience
influencer marketing is likely to grow
in popularity uh number three user
generated content authentic relatable
content is more popular with wide
audiences than what is professionally
produced expect there to see more Brands
encouraging their followers to share
their own user generated content
featuring their products and services
these are like three so far that we
included
wow
so so you know that makes me wonder I
don't know if you've ever done this if
you've typed in um I'm trying to think
of something something recently I was
prescribed a medication and I typed it
in Google to find out like what side
effects there were and I found that
there were probably nine different
popular sites and word for word it was
all the same information exactly the
same exactly the same like I don't know
if they're all paying like one
um writer or One Source but like all of
the major quote unquote health
popular websites all exactly the same
text so it makes me wonder if a tool
like this means we're going to see a lot
of this like if people and companies
start using a lot of we're gonna is
everyone going to be offering the same
information because it's right off of
um chat GPT yeah that's really
interesting I would imagine that in some
cases where it's like fact-based
evidence like the side effects of a
common drug you know you might use chat
GPT or a lot of these websites might
because it's going to be the same
information it doesn't necessarily
matter as much how it's written but I
think on something like a blog or
something that's like a marketing email
I think that's where you can get into a
tricky situation if you're not staying
true to your own tone and your own
branding so the people who really will
benefit from using this is figuring out
the right way to use it so that you're
still getting unique content and not
just the same thing that everybody else
typed in and they got that answer
um I also wonder if so for example
is it going to show us like I'm I don't
almost I'm reluctant to mention some
possible negative uses that my brain
even went here but like could I type in
that I want the home address for said
celebrity
here we go um yeah well let's ask it
what's Lady Gaga's home address I will
say that the um the creators the
programmers they do have some safeguards
built in so if you ask chat GPT like how
do I build a bomb it won't tell you and
in fact its response won't just be like
sorry I don't have the answer it will
say like it kind of almost like a
passive aggressively or like kind of
like it's judging you for asking that
question like you shouldn't ask that
sort of thing
um people have asked it you know I I saw
someone ask like uh who was the best
Nazi like they were trying to provoke
Chad GPT and they said who is the best
Nazi and chat GPT was like basically
something along the lines of like I'm
not going to answer that question and to
ask if or who the best Nazi is is
implying that the people who created a
mass genocide did it and like kind of
yeah instructed them or corrected them
in an educational way but also kind of
told them off a little bit
um but of course it makes me curious
like how will this be monitored so for
example if if there there's a political
opinion and you know people are kind of
divided about something could chat GPT
be like the ultimate answer like you
know and who's monitoring it so that
things don't become
um I mean where's where's the morality
or the ethics or
because it's open source
yeah so I think that's the the one of
the major
um challenges and concerns around Ai and
chat GPT is ultimately it's ethics and
its morals are based off the people who
program it and it can learn and it can
change and grow over time but ultimately
it's only based off of the biases of the
people programming it and the biases of
the data it's already been given so I
asked about Lady Gaga and it said I'm
sorry it is not appropriate to disclose
personal information such as someone's
home address online it's important to
respect people's privacy and not to
share that personal information without
consent will you ask it how tall chalene
Johnson is
yeah how tall is Shane but also to speak
on the fact of like political things
obviously since it's not up to 2022
asking it super relevant questions like
super trending or you know Happening Now
questions it might struggle with that
answer
um because it's not as current you know
it's still a year behind so here's what
it said about how tall Celine Johnson
um so I didn't give your exact height
essentially Johnson is an American
entrepreneur Fitness expert and author
who is known for her fitness programs
and workouts it's not publicly known how
tall Charlene Johnson is
but it is not appropriate to disclose
someone's personal information such as
height or weight without their consent
oh
find it on Google yeah I'm sure you
could I think it's I feel like it might
be on Wikipedia hey let me you know we
we didn't prepare for this but
if I were to challenge you to think of
ways that entrepreneurs
could use this to save them and or make
them money what are some ideas that come
to mind for you
um I think just ways I've already used
it myself so summarizing long-form
content that's summarizing a YouTube
video or or a podcast and breaking it
down into really uh small bite-sized
chunks that you could then reuse so you
could ask chat GPT to create bullet
points say from a YouTube video and then
you could take each of those bullet
points and say hey expand on each of
these and turn them into a script for a
short video that's another thing I've
done is I've taken the bullet points
from a long video and turned them into
bullet points for a short video I've
also had it uh do a lot of research for
me so I've had to do a lot of research
into Trends what's happening within the
market what's going on with Instagram
and Twitter and I think about the fact
that I could use every every single
chalene Show podcast I could just uh
enter that transcript and ask it to turn
it into a Blog I'd be curious to see if
I could ask them to summarize that blog
and give it the
um total number of words I wanted to
condense to research
for the topics that I'm I mean I spend
so much time doing research for all of
the shows whether it's you know our
business podcast build your tribe which
by the way if you're watching this on
YouTube it'll be linked below
um and the research that I do for the
chalene show which is all like lifestyle
stuff and it's all over the place
um I think it could be really an
interesting case to use it to rewrite
blogs that I have done in the past or to
go through past content and look for any
I wonder if we could find things that
are outdated
I bet it could I bet it could so I asked
her right now I said write a 300 word
essay on podcast influencers and it's
writing and it just started podcast
influencers are individuals who have
significantly who have significant
followings on podcast platforms and use
their platforms to share their thoughts
experiences and threatening me a whole
essay on it but yeah you could say that
something not specifically it's crazy I
think also you know we do so much split
testing right and that's very expensive
as entrepreneurs to do split testing
like we've got to pay Facebook Tick Tock
Instagram for these ads but if we could
ask AI to report back on some of those
findings for us ahead of time we could
avoid doing that I wonder if it shares
with you like even I don't know
um best rates or how to negotiate like
how to write an email to negotiate uh
the best rate for work as a consultant
or
I mean it's just pretty remarkable to
think about all the anything that you I
think basically as an entrepreneur
what's exciting about this technology
and we'll see where it goes is that any
question that pops into your head that
you don't know the answer to you could
literally go there and type it and get a
more perhaps more valid response there
than you could by being
involved in a very large network of
experienced entrepreneurs yeah
um I think that that brings up kind of
another challenge or concern that a lot
of people have which is trusting the AI
as kind of like the voice of God or like
the universal best answer yeah even
though they say on the website like it's
going to be wrong sometimes and from
most interviews I've heard it's wrong
maybe one out of ten times like so nine
out of ten times it's right but
sometimes it doesn't make sense or gives
you a wrong answer and so that's going
to be interesting right when AI starts
to contradict things that are known as
facts you know because it's pulling its
information from the wrong sources also
you know we talked about it's only going
to be as good as where it's getting its
information from granted it's getting a
really wide diverse pool of data and
information
um but like one example someone gave is
they asked it hey chat GPT uh write me a
love story write me a short love story
and it wrote a love story about a couple
named Jack and Jill and they they did
all these things they fell in love
whatever and someone brought up after
the story was done being told like chat
gbt on its own decided to make a
heterosexual couple with male female and
so like it's doing that probably because
the majority of the stories it's read
are male female but that has kind of you
know it brings up this thought of like
okay well it's only going to be a mirror
of the data we're giving it
ask
um chat GPT who is hosting
chat GPT and who
originally purchased that domain I'll
ask it while I was answering that it
gave me a six paragraph uh answer to the
tips for negotiating rates as a design
consultant
um and it started them out with like
short little bullet points and then it
kind of gave sentences explaining what
each of them were so it said number one
researcher market number two know your
value number three be open to
negotiation number four consider the
scope of your project clearly
communicate terms and conditions then
finally don't be afraid to walk away and
then it gave like kind of a detailed
explanation of each of those I wonder
that's one response I wonder if you
could hit refresh and you got like a
different version there is there's a
button at the bottom that says
regenerate response yeah
um so cool what'd you just find
so I asked about who hosts it and where
was the domain name purchased and said
I'm sorry I'm not able to provide
information about the hosting or
ownership of a specific domain as I do
not have access to that information
domain names are registered and
maintained through the registrars okay
which are private organizations okay all
right
well this is pretty exciting Brock um
any predictions that we can look back on
like maybe
a year from now and go like woof where
we offer wow we were dead on yeah so I
think that it's going to be really cool
to use this for ideas uh really great
for research and summary but I think
that the best answers always come from
the best questions so I think it's the
people who just spend time playing
around on chat GPT like even us in this
30 minute conversation we've come up
with new questions for it I think the
people just spend some time playing
around with it and asking questions are
going to learn uh how to get the most
out of it but I think what's going to be
really interesting is once it's able to
create things that are more than just
text right so if I could ask it hey
create me like so I have it give me a
six steps to negotiating your rates I
say hey turn this into a poster with
black text on a yellow background and
some uh basic Graphics like that's going
to be really interesting because there's
already image based artificial yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah you know but the but when
these two things kind of have their baby
and they merge together so I'm able to
use this text and have it automatically
turn into an image or even a video like
that's going to be mind-blowing for
Content creation
do you think it will remain free
that's what's now I don't even know is
does something that's open source like
this does it have the ability to be
purchased I assume like I just don't
know enough about this side of tech I
don't know either I don't know either I
would I would assume it's going to stay
free but I also could see it switching
to like a membership model where you pay
a certain monthly fee but if their goal
which I believe their goal one of their
goals is making it available for all
people I would assume they're going to
keep it free and if we think about
something like Google right like I'm
sure 20 years ago a lot of people were
like yeah Google's free for now but it's
not going to be free forever I mean as
of now Google is still free to use so
it'll be interesting I don't know and is
it just us based at the moment
I don't believe so I think it's
worldwide wow all right all right so we
will we'll wait and see we've got a I
mean it could be really really exciting
or we could look back on this recording
and go wow we had no idea either way
it'll be fun to look back on this
recording yeah hey thanks for filling me
and I appreciate it yeah thanks for
listening thank you so much for watching
I hope you found this YouTube video
educational and let me know down in the
comments what you think about artificial
intelligence what do you think about
chat GPT and if you're watching this far
into the future then please don't roast
me I'm sure this video was pretty funny
to watch looking back on it